README.md, before:

# hcde-410-final
This folder contains process work for the final project of HCDE410, Human Data Interaction class.

The final project is an analysis of policy makers' and public survey respondents' opinions on abortion and their gender distribution for that issue.

The proportion of policy makers who oppose abortion rights will be compared to the proportion of people in the general public who oppose abortion rights. The proportion of men and women who oppose abortion will also be compared for both the general public and people in policymaking positions.

**Dataset Links**

Anti-Abortion Policymaking and Women's Representation: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/TQXAOU
This dataset is public domain, allowing anyone to copy, modify, distribute, and perform work on it without permission: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

ABC News / Washington Post Poll, 2005: https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/ICPSR/studies/4326
The dataset can be redistributed by authorized users, which includes students at member institutions. Because UW is an ICPSR member, I am allowed to use and share this dataset in this project.

**Related Works**

Examining the Absence of a Gender Effect on Abortion Attitudes: Is There Really No Difference?:

https://alliance-primo.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/primo-explore/fulldisplay?docid=TN_cdi_proquest_miscellaneous_61614891&context=PC&vid=UW&lang=en_US&search_scope=all&adaptor=primo_central_multiple_fe&tab=default_tab&query=any,contains,Cook%20%20Jelen%20%20and%20Wilcox%201992

Between two absolutes: Public opinion and the politics of abortion:

https://alliance-primo.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/primo-explore/fulldisplay?docid=TN_cdi_proquest_miscellaneous_59619250&context=PC&vid=UW&lang=en_US&search_scope=all&adaptor=primo_central_multiple_fe&tab=default_tab&query=any,contains,Cook%20%20Jelen%20%20and%20Wilcox%201992

Commit message:

Add files via upload
Last changes to make sure MainReport.ipynb is easily identifiable as the big report file

README.md, after:

# hcde-410-final
This folder contains process work for the final project of HCDE410, Human Data Interaction class.

The final report can be found in the MainReport.ipynb file.

This project is an analysis of policy makers' and public survey respondents' opinions on abortion and their gender distribution for that issue.

The proportion of policy makers who oppose abortion rights will be compared to the proportion of people in the general public who oppose abortion rights. The proportion of men and women who oppose abortion will also be compared for both the general public and people in policymaking positions.

**Dataset Links**

Anti-Abortion Policymaking and Women's Representation: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/TQXAOU
This dataset is public domain, allowing anyone to copy, modify, distribute, and perform work on it without permission: https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

ABC News / Washington Post Poll, 2005: https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/web/ICPSR/studies/4326
The dataset can be redistributed by authorized users, which includes students at member institutions. Because UW is an ICPSR member, I am allowed to use and share this dataset in this project.

**Related Works**

Examining the Absence of a Gender Effect on Abortion Attitudes: Is There Really No Difference?:

https://alliance-primo.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/primo-explore/fulldisplay?docid=TN_cdi_proquest_miscellaneous_61614891&context=PC&vid=UW&lang=en_US&search_scope=all&adaptor=primo_central_multiple_fe&tab=default_tab&query=any,contains,Cook%20%20Jelen%20%20and%20Wilcox%201992

Between two absolutes: Public opinion and the politics of abortion:

https://alliance-primo.hosted.exlibrisgroup.com/primo-explore/fulldisplay?docid=TN_cdi_proquest_miscellaneous_59619250&context=PC&vid=UW&lang=en_US&search_scope=all&adaptor=primo_central_multiple_fe&tab=default_tab&query=any,contains,Cook%20%20Jelen%20%20and%20Wilcox%201992
